what's going on right now we're in why
are you mad these mother fuckers think
they got hot ass twice they be saying
like boom boom all this on that I can
fit with my shit but Shawn
everybody
put your tail
put your profit is way
put your drinks up put your drinks come
get your dreams put your drinks up put
your drinks up get your dreams put your
change Oh put your fucking dreams up put
your biz up put your lock the club put
your hand up fucking bottle go put your
beers up put your vodka oj hey Nia put
your fucking bottles up put your fucking
drinks up put your fucking drain stuff
what brings up up put your fucking
drinks up in one pocket fuck up fuckin
got it fuck hard fucking car then fuck
up let's put your fucking change
put your drinks put your dreams put your
drinks put your drugs put your drinks
featured roles put your dreams put your
drills virtual change put your drawings
future dreams put your drinks put your
games put your dreams which is pitcher
puts a great featured picture butcher
drinks featured vertical charger ames
featured puts it put your dreams each of
butcher butcher drinks bitching bitching
put your dreams put your butcher butcher
drains picture put your fucking lame top
put your dreams up put your drinks up
put your